## Exercise 3.21

### Part A - Eva Lu's Explanation

Eva Lu is talking about the way the Scheme interpreter will print the result of the `cons` used to represent the queue structure.

1. The `cons` will be printed as if it's a list of elements.
2. The `car`, the front pointer of the queue, will itself be printed as if it's a list of all elements in the queue, an inner list. It has the same structure as a standard list.
3. The `cdr`, the rear pointer of the queue, since it terminates with the empty set, will terminate the printing of the outer list.

When `b` is inserted into the queue, it prints the following:

``` Scheme
((a b) b)
```

This is because the front pointer's data structure is the same as a list of all elements in the queue, `(a b)`. The rear pointer is a pair containing `b` and the empty set, which has the effect of treating the queue data structure as a valid list, with the front pointer and `b` as two elements, terminated by the empty set.

For Ben Bitdiddle's second point "when I delete both items, the second `b` is still there," this is explained in the textbook in section 3.3.2 footnote 22. The implementation of `delete-queue!` will move the front pointer forward but not touch the rear pointer, which remains as the last pair containing `b`, even though the front pointer is now the empty set indicating an empty queue:

``` Scheme
(() b)
```

Essentially this is an optimisation that reduces clarity of the queue's state but requires less operations and still works. This works because `empty-queue?` only checks if the front pointer is empty, which it is, and the rear pointer is only ever read from during `insert-queue!` if the queue is *not* empty. On inserting a new first element, the rear pointer is reset.

### Part B - Defining `print-queue`

As described, the front pointer already has the effect of printing the sequence of items in the queue, so we can print the queue by printing the front pointer.

``` Scheme
(define (print-queue queue) 
  (display (front-ptr queue))
  (newline))
```